[ServiceBus] Docs/Docstring/Code improvements (#15490)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/README.md

            # If it is desired to halt receiving early, one can break out of the loop here safely.
```

> > **NOTE:** Any message received with `receive_mode=PEEK_LOCK` (this is the default, with the alternative ReceiveAndDelete removing the message from the queue immediately on receipt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Any message received with `receive_mode=PEEK_LOCK` (this is the default, with the alternative RECEIVE_AND_DELETE removing the message from the queue immediately on receipt)
```
